feat(profiling): add sample format V2 documentation (#11150)
getsentry/sentry-docs: develop-docs/sdk/telemetry/profiles/sample-format-v1.mdx

        "image_vmaddr": "0x0000000100000000"
      }
    ]
  },
  "device": {
    "architecture": "arm64e",
    "is_emulator": true,
    "locale": "en_US",
    "manufacturer": "Apple",
    "model": "iPhone14,8"
  },
  "environment": "development",
  "event_id": "41fed0925670468bb0457f61a74688ec",
  "measurements": { ... },
  "os": {
    "build_number": "20D47",
    "name": "iOS",
    "version": "16.3",
  },
  "platform": "cocoa",
  "release": "1.0 (9999)",
  "runtime": {
    "name": "",
    "version": ""
  },
  "timestamp": "2023-01-01T00:00:00.000Z",
  "transaction": {
    "active_thread_id": "259",
    "id": "30976f2ddbe04ac9b6bffe6e35d4710c",
    "name": "example_ios_movies_sources.MoviesViewController",
    "trace_id": "4b25bc58f14243d8b208d1e22a054164",
  },
  "version": "1",
  "profile": {
    "samples": [
      {
        "elapsed_since_start_ns": 1234567890,
        "stack_id": 0,
        "thread_id": "259"
      }
    ],
    "stacks": [
      [ 0 ]
    ],
    "frames": [
      {
        "instruction_addr": "0xa722447ffffffffc"
      }
    ],
    "thread_metadata": {
      "259": {
        "priority": 31
      }
    }
  },
}
```

### Profile metadata

`debug_meta`

> : *Object, required on native platforms.* This carry the same payload as <Link

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: *Object, required on native platforms.* This carries the same payload as the <Link
```

to="/sdk/event-payloads/sdk/">`debug_meta` interface</Link>. It is required to

> have it for native platforms in order to symbolicate, otherwise you can omit it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have it for native platforms in order to symbolicate. For non-native platforms, you can omit this.
```

`device`

> : *Object, required.* This contains a few fields to describe the device the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: *Object, required.* This contains several fields that describe the device the
```

profiler is running on.

It can have the following attributes:
- `architecture`: *String, required.*
- `is_emulator`: *Boolean, optional.* Indicates if the application is running in an emulator. Usually only set for mobile platforms.
- `locale`: *String, optional.* Contains the local of the system. Usually only set for a mobile platforms.

> - `manufacturer`: *String, optional.* Contains the manufacturer of the device. Usually only set for a mobile platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `manufacturer`: *String, optional.* Contains the manufacturer of the device. Usually only set for mobile platforms.
```

> - `model`: *String, optional.* Contains the model of the device. Usually only set for a mobile platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `model`: *String, optional.* Contains the model of the device. Usually only set for mobile platforms.
```

```json
{
  "device": {
    "architecture": "arm64e",
    "is_emulator": true,
    "locale": "en_US",
    "manufacturer": "Apple",
    "model": "iPhone14,8"
  }
}
```

`environment`

: *String, recommended.* The environment name, such as `production` or

> `staging`. The default value should be `production`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`staging`. The default value is `production`.
```

`event_id`

> : *String, required.* Hexadecimal string representing a uuid4 value. The length
> is exactly 32 characters. Dashes are not allowed. Has to be lowercase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: *String, required.* Hexadecimal string representing a uuid4 value. The length
must be exactly 32 characters. Dashes and uppercase letters are not allowed.
```
